another Cyber attack on bitcoin
exchanges disrupting service this can be
seen on occasion and it seems to Spook
the market every time it's frightening
because there's a potential of loss when
individuals keep their Savings in the
hands of a company or service they are
entrusting them big mistake you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you today we'll talk about Bitcoin
let's begin right here with this I want
to get into major Bitcoin exchanges hit
by cyber attacks as Record rally makes
them a Target so this isn't the first
time this has happened and of course as
I said in the introduction this Spooks
the market it does so every time so you
had Bitcoin going from approximately
3,000 down to about 2500 or so it's a
big drop not necessarily for all asset
classes but it seems that the cryptos
can go up or down 10% in a day and that
seems relatively normal in this case
here it was just another event that
seems to occur not often but it does
happen so people need to be aware of a
couple things if you are investing in
Bitcoin or you are looking into Bitcoin
regardless there's one very important
thing and it's that if you put your
money on the exchanges just like a stock
exchange or anything else you are
basically saying that I trust you with
my money and that is not that is
absolutely not a good thing we've seen
that historically even with for example
MF Global where you have segregated
funds and they simply take the money
right out it's just the way it is
they're they're not going to be able to
um withhold their desires to steal
people's money in this case here if it's
a Cyber attack you never know you never
know what's going to happen with the
exchanges that's why it's so important
to hold your money offline they called
it cold storage you can even memorize
the number in your head yourself and
know
exactly the uh you know have exactly you
are the one who keeps your private Keys
basically that's what what the term is
called anyway this is something that I
don't think a lot of people understand
about Bitcoin how they think that your
money needs to be on on an exchange
that's absolutely not the way this works
and a lot of people people I think at
some point I mean we've seen it in the
past are going to get hurt because of
this the price of Bitcoin continues to
Edge lower at this time at press time
Bitcoin was down 5.5% across Global
exchanges falling to a low of
approximately 2500 this figure was down
nearly
15% from an alltime high over 3,000 on
June 11th this is something that you
know I I just previously said it talks
about
ethereum this was down about 10% to a
low of 361 it was over $400
previously the market took a hit but
look it has increased so
dramatically that these are in my
opinion not deep enough I think we need
to see a 20 to 50% drop and then it can
continue on from there I don't like it
when some goes up and up and up it's
just too much Euphoria I would love to
see a big drop in the
cryptocurrencies and then continue on
that's how it should be slow and steady
increasing increasing but it's not so
that gives me cause for concern I think
there could be a lot of speculation
going on right now and there's a big
group of people in Bitcoin that TR or or
any cryptocurrency who believe that this
is the future future and those people
are just buying and holding but then you
have surrounded by that all of the
speculators and they're doing so on
margin they are borrowing money it's a
simply a way to speculate and I don't
like that at all I like this to be a
slow and steady increase just like any
other asset class so hopefully we will
see a little bit more uh stabilization
with the prices okay the government does
not understand
Bitcoin they don't understand digital
currencies and it really is laughable
this shows how either stupid they are or
how much red tape there is and by the
time the individuals who are informing
those who make the laws and the actual
publication of the
law it was sort of let's just say
whitewashed or spread out or anything
look at this this is from
congress.gov okay the official
documentation showing you this new bill
that's been put in
place prepaid access devices digital
currencies or other similar instruments
what do they say they're basically
trying to deal with money laundering
they're trying to defeat Isis and all of
the people who are engaging in what they
call tax evasion so if somebody doesn't
want to pay a criminal income tax
they're evading that and the government
wants their cut bu in uh right here
basically any digital exchanger or
tumbler of digital currency inserting
talking about prepaid access devices
which as far as I'm concerned is a gift
card so your online gift card is a
problem now digital currency and money
orders prepaid access devices means an
electronic device or similar such as a
card play code number electronic serial
number Mobile identification number
personal identification number or
another instrument that provides a
portal to funds or the value of funds
that have been paid in advance so any of
these things if you're coming across the
border and you have $10,000 or more
happens to include Amazon gift cards you
are a criminal you have to declare all
that or they can seize it and they're
putting cryptocurreny think about this
if you come across the border and you
have $10,000 or more of Bitcoin on you
this is the way they see it then you
have to declare it if you will not
declare it they will take it from
you I mean this is this is how
uninformed this government structure is
you can memorize the public te in your
head you come across the border they say
you have to give us your digital
currency and you say okay here it is I
mean like where are they getting where
are they getting that from I mean it's
so silly the way this all works they
don't know they really don't know what
they're talking about and this is a
perfect example of that if I can move on
right
here
look at
this let me just preface this for a
moment people have their gold and silver
and other valuable items stored in
safety deposit
boxes this is a very bad idea in
general particularly in areas like the
US and Canada the term
account includes any safe depos deposit
box and any
account at any financial institution
they can seize that from you and I how
wonderful is that so good that they can
just come in and steal it okay do you
have any Bitcoins in that safe deposit
box they're mine the government is
clueless they don't know what's
happening and the digital currencies
right now
look to
be doing an excellent job of going
around the government structure I think
it's good I think we need to hold our
digital currencies offline Cold Storage
in a hardware wallet and I believe that
it is not really a good store of value
at this time although the price keeps
going up I think it is a way to transact
in such a way if if you desire to do so
to circumvent any sort of protections
that are currently in place that's what
people are doing I'm not advising that
let me just put that out there not
advising it but that seems to be the way
that people for example in China are
doing to get around their Capital
controls so I think the technology
itself is frightening the government and
just because of that I like it I don't
know what's going to happen with the
price and in 10 years from now who knows
it might not even exist I'm just looking
at the way that the government is
freaking out about it and that makes me
happy that's all I'm going to say if you
found this video informative please give
me a thumbs
up last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative you can look through
the books just go to Amazon they have a
look inside feature it's going to allow
you to flip through the pages of these
books to see if you like them take care